# CODEWORDS2024
## RMIT STUDIO 2024 AND KAREN
Melbourne, Australia

This studio allowed me to learn about how to code for design and typography. It encouraged me to explore how code as a digital medium could reshape our understanding of content, ideas, designs, etc. We went through iterative and generative design processes, which resonated with me and changed my approach to creativity. I liked how this studio emphasised the point of developing our own design practice; which encouraged me to experiment and create some really unique ideas that I otherwise would have been hesitant to express. 

Learning about tools and software like Visual Studio Code, Processing and p5.js opened up new avenues for my creative expression. Through hands-on learning in this studio, i now know that code has so much creative and design potential. This studio demonstrated to me that code can act as a medium for artistic expression, which encouraged me to experiment with different codes, scripts and visual outputs. The fact that every week we had a theory class followed by a practical class each week allowed me to immediately apply the theory, which i thought is a really good way of getting us to understand both the technical and creative aspects of coding + typography design. I found that following along with our tutor when doing coding exercises was really helpful, and how in the classroom, I was able to ask and respond to questions that my peers had; we were able to help each other out and learn from each other's codes. The course’s activities, from creating wriggly letters to experimenting with multiple canvases, really pushed me to learn new functions and techniques that I could incorporate into my own projects. These exercises were not only a great way to practice coding but also helped me build a foundation for independent problem-solving and adaptability, which I know will be useful as I continue to grow in this field.

Within this studio, there were moments when the code I was writing didn’t have the outcome I wanted. It was definitely frustrating at times but once the mistakes were solved, it felt very rewarding to see the outcome. I used a lot of different resources to help me get through the major projects - such as YouTube videos on how code certain effects and getting help from my tutors/peers when I was stuck. Overall, I feel like I accomplished more than I expected when first going into this studio and what i've learned over the weeks has been really valuable to me for my future practice.



